CEXT-6421: update checkout starter kit docs for the 4-app split (#578)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/checkout/totals-collector-use-cases.md

## How it works

The out-of-process totals collector extends Adobe Commerce discount totals collection with [webhooks](../../webhooks/index.md). During cart totals collection, the webhook framework sends the quote and totals payload to your subscribed endpoint. Your app computes discounts and returns a JSON Patch response. Commerce applies the response to the quote totals and items so the discount appears in cart/checkout and in GraphQL.

> The `totals-collector` app ships 9 example discount actions (`tiered-quantity-discount`, `cheapest-quantity-discount`, `category-based-discount`, `step-price-discount`, `expensive-item-discount`, `tiered-category-discount`, `multi-condition-discount`, `tiered-total-spend-discount`, `cheapest-item-discount`) that all implement this same webhook contract. Only one can be active at a time — the app declares the webhook with `tiered-quantity-discount` as the default runtime action; swap in whichever example fits your use case (or write your own).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `totals-collector` app ships multiple example discount actions (`tiered-quantity-discount`, `cheapest-quantity-discount`, `category-based-discount`, `step-price-discount`, `expensive-item-discount`, `tiered-category-discount`, `multi-condition-discount`, `tiered-total-spend-discount`, `cheapest-item-discount`) that all implement this same webhook contract. However, only one can be active at a time. The app declares the webhook with `tiered-quantity-discount` as the default runtime action. Implement whichever example fits your use case (or write your own).
```
